# GoBot
An implementation of a Deep Learning Go Bot (game of Go), based on Deep Learning and the Game of Go, by Max Pumperla and Kevin Ferguson (https://github.com/maxpumperla/deep_learning_and_the_game_of_go)


## About NineBot and StandardBot
The current strongest bot versions were implemented using Pytorch framework. The bot is available to 9x9 (Ninebot) and 19x19 (StandardBot) board versions and both are CNN-based, using training data generated by Monte Carlo Tree Search algorithm (also implemented). Current implementation corresponds to the book's chapter 6.

### Combining Convolutional Neural Networks and Monte Carlo Tree Search
The MCTS algorithm can be used to implement a Go agent which strength is determined by the number of roll-outs (random possible moves analysed at each given board state). As the algorithm selects the moves at random, a high number of roll-outs is required to produce a bot with decent strenght, which typically implies having a bot that plays slowly. 

CNNs are designed to identify and learn visual patterns. Therefore, a CNN-based agent will learn intuitively how to choose moves at any given position based on training data. The training data consists of pairs; an input position (board state) and it's correspondent answer move. Naturally, the learned behaviour will be just an approximation and the resulting agent's strenght will be determined ultimately by the quality of this data.

The intuition behind combining those techniques is to approximate an heavy MCTS agent, attempting to generalize it's behaviour using our CNN bot, that once trained will be able to choose legal moves in a reasonable amount of time.
